codepen url: https://codepen.io/eldavi96/pen/GRNwrGL

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
for accessbility
    2. What is HTML used for?
    to markup the project 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
    it is the value that you are giving to the element selected 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    it should be used once and it is normally used as the biggest title on the page
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        id and class
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
    title 
    7. What is an id?
    an element that targets a specific part of the code 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    elements that you plan to use once
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
    only once 
    10. What is0 a class? 
    a selector that targets multiple elements
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    any
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
    as many as you wish 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    a tag
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    in case the image doesn't load it provides a description of what your trying to view

    15. How do I reference an id? toggling # { }
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    section is semantic and a div is used to construct the web page
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    to add style to the web page
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 {

    }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    class selects multiple and id is singular you may use a class when targeting multple p tags (paragraphs)  and a id when targeting a single element like a footer 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    with the . 
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human p {

    }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    parent child selector is when you have a div for example and all the tags you have within it are toggled. it would be useful to reduce the amount of code you have to write

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .class div a {

    }
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    * {

    }
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-spacing
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    font-style: Capitalize, lowercase;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    ex {
        border: 1px dotted black;
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    * {

    }
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    # 
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rmdir
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    all the time when trying to work on different projects so you don't ahve to alter your original code
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    every time you feel you've done something important
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin "fNmae lname'
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.

    fork clone checkout git commit git add .  
